yarn-monster_first-full-draft.md
Last modified: Sat May 26, 2018  01:08AM


She sits with one knee crossed over the other. Her fingers slide along
glossed pink-metal kneedles.




She slips her hand into her bag and pulls out the long tubes of yarn
she had been knitting earlier. She slips the tips of her fingers in
one end, the tube slipping up her arm, until it came midway up her
bicep. It was an arm warmer. The fuzzy ends of tiny fibers coming of
the yarn tickled all the way up. Her arms DID feel warmer, as
advertised. She liked the way it hugged along the curves and angles of
her arm. She pulled the second from the bag and slipped over her other
arm. She saw herself in the mirror, naked except for the arm warmers.
She liked it.

She again lays back on the bed. Again he hand goes to the cat's head.
Her other hand takes her vibrator with it's warm scrunched cuff of
a cozy, and touches it to her pussy. This time she tries to hold it
firmly. She wants to test if this is something real or if she's losing
her mind. She SHOULD be able to control it.

She touches the tip of the gently shaking machine to her clit, and
ever so lightly presses it back and forth. The knit cuff slips and
turns in her hand, as if SHE were the one who had done something
wrong and it was angry with her. The end of the machine dove between
her pussy lips. In a double thrust it was suddenly a full hand inside
her. She sucked air, and with both hands grabbed at the vibrator to
attempt and extraction. As her hand came down she suddenly felt in
a ripple up both arms, as one knot tightened against and around
another. In an electric crossword shuffle it passed around her arms.
The stiches of the arm warmers tightened, the warmers constricted and
with a sudden force yanked her arms above her head.

The vibrator remained piercing in her. It hummed along to itself,
unmoving, as it it suddenly had all the time in the world. Like all
the force had left the vibrator to power the arms. She looks up, and
sees the dangling ends of yarm that she had neglected to weave it,
wrap in two little wormy loops around the bed posts. Both arms. Her
eyes widened. She tried to slip her arms back, to pull away, but the
hundreds of stiches that came together to make the arm warmers, HER
stiches, constricted tighter and even pulled. She could feel her arms
straining, but helpless.

And now the vibrator did seem to be moving. Slowly at first sliding
into her aching pussy, an inch here and there. It appeared to have
sounded some depth it was satisfied with and pulled back. The
contriction on her arms eased too. She tried to relax, letting her
muscles loosen.

The vibrator plunged into her, her arms tense up, and pull against her
restraints, but they respond like some kind of digestive impulse, and
lock her down. She twists her whole body, but that does nothing about
the vibrator that now splits her very soul. She can feel the knit cuff
clambped btween her legs, squeezing and rollings its knots along the
body of the vibrator. It now worked the vibrator in and out of her
quickly, with long plunging strokes. She gasped, and pulled, and her
muscles tensed. But the more she struggled, the harder it constricted
and the harder she was fucked. 

She gives up after a while and lets her legs spread. She feels the
cuffed cozy squeezing and tightening. She feels it inch up the body of
the vibrator, pressing up between her thighs. It scrunches against her
clit, and she has the strangest sensation. And she remembers as
a small girl clamping her bear between her legs, and rubbing it
against her clit at night. But the fuzzy firmness pressing her clit
now wasn't a sweet tender hand like her own as a young girl. It was
a rough and masculine hand. A mean hand. Mean and firm it rubbed her
clit. Now it ramped up speed slowly. But now it's fucking her all out.
The sliver of dildo pressing into her, the yarnman hand pressing its
plush fingers against her clit, and her arms, helpless above her head,
her elbows bent out at angles. She gives, and she cums.

----


By now the thing was the sole occupant of the bedroom. She couldn't
sleep in there any longer. But she spent most of her waking hours in
there. It was like an altar, and each day she knelt in pennance.
Through the door it was dark. The room as webbed with strings,
knitted, knotted, and twisted, that ran up and down, from one side to
the other. The blocked most of the light that squeaked in the windows,
and they seemed to extend into every dark shadow in the room. On the
floor were scattered knitting needles, of varying guages, skeins and
balls of yarn. Some attached by long snaking strings, and more
knitting needles. Suspended in the middle of the room was a tube of
knitting, and her original arm warmers.

She walks in softly and creeps up to the bigger tube hanging in the
middle. her fingers find the bottom opening, and slip up inside. She
lifts ot over her head and pulls it down, over her breasts, over her
stomach. She stops with the bottom edge at her hip bones and coming up
to just under her breasts. 

She takes each of the arm warmers and slides them over her arms. As
soon as the second is pulled into place, her arms are wrenched behind
her. Lines shoot from the shadows and tentacle around her legs. She's
pulled backwards, backwards and upwards. She's suspended a body's
length above the floor, her legs are spread wide and the knit cozies
around her abdomen and arms strained with tightness. More lines, thick
ropes of fuzzy yarn knited in plaited braids around eachother to form
ropes as thick as a baby's wrist. They were slung under her, and over
her. One twirled around her hanging hair, and pulled it back into
a ponytail. Another wrapped over her eyes and around her head like
a headband.

She was breathing slowly and steadily in long slow breaths. She
alternated back and forth between tensing up and moving towards
relaxation. She could feel her muscles stand out one second, and then
slide limp the next. Her chest slowly expanded and contracted with her
breaths. The lines wrapped around her legs start to loosen and shake,
and then resettle in tighter loops. like coiled cordage the lines
wrapped her calves upwards, over her knees, up her thighs, wrapping in
loops more slowly now. She doesn't know where all this yarn came from.
There's now way she left this much in her room.

The lines wrap upwards, and then they are wrapping her pussy, in long
loops that go up to, over her hip, and down her ass before circling
back up between her crotch. Her pussy was wrapped very tightly, the
yarn pressing firmly against her cunt. Holding her in it's coils.

She could feel the loops against her pussy plusing and tightening.
grinding and striving to find her rhythm. It was gentle at first. She
knew this, she had realized that it had patterns, like a man, it had
a routine it liked. A routine it liked to apply to her. 

She arched her back, leaned her head back. She let herself sink into it.
To let the thing hold her and support her. She felt her pussy moistening
against the pressure of the yarns, slipping and sliding over her cunt.

For a while she let it play with her. But She liked to play with it
now. So after feeling her way about halfway towards an orgasm, when
she could feel the yarns and lines, and wool around her loosen with
something should could only describe as tenderness, she suddenly
twisted in her sling, wrenching her arms around. She puts it all into
it, a legitimate attempt to free herself. She doesn't want to be
a victim.

But as soon as her body tenses it knows what she's about. She feels
like she could almost hear it groan at her, it's almost strange that
with dead silence every connected fiber clenched and twisted, each
knit, bonded and bound with it's neghbor, linked tighter and came
together. 

She lay bound up tightly in this cacoon of yarn. Nothing happened for
a time. As if it were cathching its breath. Then she felt the yarns
around her hips and her cunt start to loosen, and unbind, and drop
away.

With knots and knits tightening further, she eft her body
straightened, her legs slowly spread. She felt a great mass moving
slowly up her leg, pressing and sliding against her thigh. It had
stiffness and firmness, like a giant coil of a hawser, or the slow
quiet mass of power in the loop of a python's back. But it has the
fuzzy texture of yarn. Wool if she's not mistaken. It's warm and firm,
sliding up over her belly, onto her stomach.

She can feel the mass of it on her stomach. It had to be as thick
around as a coke bottle, and it lay up her body, from crotch to rib. 


